Rational univariate distribution (#1890)
openmc-dev/openmc: docs/source/io_formats/settings.rst

  numbers :math:`a` and :math:`b` that define the interval :math:`[a,b]` over
  which random variates are sampled.

>   For a "power law" distribution, ``parameters`` should be given as three real

Reviewer: To match what appears in the XML:
```suggestion
  For a "powerlaw" distribution, ``parameters`` should be given as three real
```

  numbers :math:`a` and :math:`b` that define the interval :math:`[a,b]` over
  which random variates are sampled and :math:`n` that defines the exponent of

>   the probability distribution :math:`p(x)=x^n`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the probability distribution :math:`p(x)=c x^n`
```
